hello everyone back from us to be
Randall toys in Pittsburgh here today
I'm reviewing brick by brick by thank
fun everybody plays
we carry a lot of things fun products
they have really nice brain teasers and
puzzles a lot of them are made out of
these same type of plastic pieces not
like this this is just brick by brick
but they they do use a lot of plastic
colorful pieces a lot of puzzles this is
the company who makes rush hour the the
car sliding game the traffic jam game
that a lot that's been very popular they
make a junior edition and set where
other spin-offs involving animals and
but this is brick by brick by thing fun
and it's very simple you get five
plastic pieces that look exactly like
this and this is our display so you you
will not get a stack of cards with a
ring like this this is simply for the
display there's our little brick man
welcoming you to the challenge and it's
pretty simple
you just have to look at the card and
try to build the different shapes they
give you based on those five bricks
that's it okay every one of these shapes
they give you in on these cards or in
the booklet that you'll receive you can
make them with those five bricks and
look the solutions are right on the back
you could tell which bricks go where
pretty neat idea they give you about a
hundred challenges typically and all
these things fun games they break it up
from beginner easy medium and hard so
this is brick by brick by thing fun now
similar to brick by brick thing fun also
mix shape by shape square by square and
block by block so you can see it's easy
for them to make other games based on
one general idea which is assembling
things to form a picture like you see
now I haven't played this particular
game that much which is brick by brick
but I know we keep it out on the floor
as a display for people to use and they
seem to enjoy we've done well with it
and the years passed think fun is a
great company they make a lot of nice
things that's why we carry almost
everything they make every year we have
a nice two
think fun items will have a new display
piece in later because what we actually
carry so many thing fun products we need
a new display to put them all on so come
check out brick by brick by thing fun
this is good for travel relatively cheap
I'd say a retail price ranges from 10 to
15 maybe up to $20 depending on where
you look for it so this is brick by
brick I hope you enjoy